add option to disable printing inside a luacontroller (#633)
minetest-mods/mesecons: settingtypes.txt

# IID is ignored and at most one interrupt may be queued if this setting is enabled.
mesecon.luacontroller_lightweight_interrupts (Lightweight interrupts) bool false

> # Behavior of "print" inside a luacontroller. By default, this emits a message into debug.txt.

Reviewer: It also prints into terminal.
```suggestion
# Behavior of print() inside a luacontroller. By default, this emits a message into actionstream.
```

# set it to noop if you wish to disable that behavior.

> mesecon.luacontroller_print_behavior (behavior of print) enum log log,noop

Reviewer 2: Use caps please, like in other options.
